Great, then let's get this running.
We're gonna run node dev 1, and
then pop open localhost: 4001.
And this is the Indie Stack,
ta-da, slightly modified.
But this is basically what you'll get
if you start up with the Indie Stack.
You can log in.
We aren't doing anything
with auth until way later.
But if you want to, you can log in.
There's a user that has been seeded
into the database for you and
it's cody@remix.run.
And the password is,
you're gonna love this, Kodylovesyou.
And boom, now it says hello, Kody.
But again,
you probably won't need to authenticate
until the very end of the workshop.
So don't worry too much about that.
So what we're gonna be doing is
we're building a blog, okay?
So we want to have, and
not just a markdown blog where it's GitHub
files like everybody's been doing,
myself included, for years.
But this is gonna be a blog where
you can write markdown, but
the markdown is saved in a database.
And so you can deploy this to production.
And then log in, write new blog posts,
hit save and it's instantly available.
No build necessary,
which is kind of exciting these days.
But that is what we're gonna be building.
So the first exercise, we're gonna
build out our first Remix routes.
I think you have everything that
you need to work on this exercise.
Like I said, it's pretty quick, so
we won't take a lot of time on it.
But I just want you to get
started on this first exercise.